yocto doc update for 2021.4 (#11654)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/installing-openvino-yocto.md

# Enable clDNN GPU plugin when needed.
# This requires meta-clang and meta-oe layers to be included in bblayers.conf
# and is not enabled by default.
PACKAGECONFIG:append:pn-openvino-inference-engine = " opencl"

# Enable building inference engine python API.
# This requires meta-python layer to be included in bblayers.conf.
PACKAGECONFIG:append:pn-openvino-inference-engine = " python3"

> # This adds OpenVINO related libraries in the target image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This adds related libraries in the target image.
```

> # This adds OpenVINO related libraries in the target image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This adds Inference Engine related libraries in the target image.
```

Reviewer: Inference Engine is OK because it's 2021.4.

Author: Thank you for reviewing. I have updated the PR.

CORE_IMAGE_EXTRA_INSTALL:append = " openvino-inference-engine"

> # This adds OpenVINO samples in the target image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This adds samples in the target image.
```

> # This adds OpenVINO samples in the target image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This adds Inference Engine samples in the target image.
```

CORE_IMAGE_EXTRA_INSTALL:append = " openvino-inference-engine-samples"

> # Include OpenVINO Python API package in the target image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Include Python API package in the target image.
```

> # Include OpenVINO Python API package in the target image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Include Inference Engine Python API package in the target image.
```
